Document userPodAffinity setting (#197)
okteto/docs: src/content/enterprise/administration/configuration.mdx

For example, if you add the label `okteto-node-pool:build` and the taint `okteto-node-pool=build:NoSchedule` to a node, and you
are using `buildPool: build`, the buildkit and registry pods are deployed to this node.

### userPodAffinity

> When enabled, Okteto automatically adds an preferred affinity to every pod to lean towards placing pods in the same namespace in the same node (default: `true`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When enabled Okteto automatically adds a preferred affinity to every pod, which leans towards placing pods in the same namespace and in the same node (default: `true`).
```
